DOCSPLAT 3055 Changes to simplify serialization (#8070)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/_includes/content/tracking-api-limit.md

> warning "HTTP Tracking API limits"
>

> > Segment's HTTP Tracking API accepts batch requests up to **500KB**. To avoid errors in event creation, ensure that individual event payload sizes remain below **32KB**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Segment's HTTP Tracking API accepts batch requests up to **500 KB**. To avoid errors in event creation, ensure that individual event payload sizes remain below **32 KB**.
```
